This software was originally developed by the Billinge group as part
of the Distributed Data Analysis of Neutron Scattering Experiments
(DANSE) project funded by the US National Science Foundation under
grant DMR-0520547. Developments of PDFfit2 were funded by NSF grant
DMR-0304391 in the Billinge group, and with support from Michigan State
University and Columbia University. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions
or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s)
and do not necessarily reflect the views of the respective funding bodies.
Subsequent development was done in the Billinge group at Columbia University
and then in collaboration between the Billinge group at Columbia and Pavol
Juhas at Brookhaven National Laboratory. Moving forward, PDFgui will be
maintained as a community project with contributions welcomed from many people.

Several of the examples in the tutorial part were made possible and benefited from samples
synthesized by J. F.  Mitchell, and from data collected and processed by M.
Schmidt, P. G. Radaelli, and X. Qiu.

@bigskip{}
If you use this program to do productive scientific research that leads
to publication, we ask that you acknowledge use of the program by citing
the following paper in your publication:
@bigskip{}

@quotation
C. L. Farrow, P. Juhás, J. W. Liu, D. Bryndin, E. S. Božin,
J. Bloch, Th. Proffen and S. J. L. Billinge,
@url{https://stacks.iop.org/0953-8984/19/335219,
PDFfit2 and PDFgui: computer programs for studying nanostructure in crystals},
@i{@w{J. Phys.:} Condens. Matter}, @b{19}, 335219 (2007)
@end quotation

@bigskip{}
@insertcopying
@cindex  copyright
@bigskip{}
As of February 2017, and the 1.1.2 release, PDFgui has moved to a shared copyright model.
@bigskip{}
PDFgui uses a shared copyright model. Each contributor maintains copyright over their
contributions to PDFgui. But, it is important to note that these contributions are
typically only changes to the repositories. Thus, the PDFgui source code, in its entirety,
is not the copyright of any single person or institution. Instead, it is the collective
copyright of the entire PDFgui Development Team. If individual contributors want to
maintain a record of what changes/contributions they have specific copyright on, they
should indicate their copyright in the commit message of the change, when they commit
the change to one of the PDFgui repositories.
@bigskip{}
The PDFgui Development Team is the set of all contributors to the PDFgui project.
A full list can be obtained from the git version control logs.
@bigskip{}
For more information please visit @url{https://www.diffpy.org}
or contact Prof. Simon Billinge at @email{sb2896@@columbia.edu}.
